feat(client): [NET-585]: Gap fill in resends (#1460)
streamr-dev/network: CHANGELOG.md

#### Changed

> - Optimize message ordering and gap handling of resend requests (https://github.com/streamr-dev/network/pull/1460)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optimize message ordering and gap handling of resends (https://github.com/streamr-dev/network/pull/1460)
```
